nick bannister and his friend watts have
this facility that allows people to
relive their memories people who are
desperate come to this place to revisit
their memories all you have to do is
follow my voice
it's summer
13 years ago
one day after the working hours a client
may walks in and asks for their help in
retrieving her missing key
nick is instantly attracted by this
woman after visiting her memory nick
learns that she is a nightclub singer
and he saw her singing his favorite song
which made him feel a strong connection
towards her
soon after they started being in a
relationship and both of them seemed
happy to do this to impress all the
girls
only the one i'm in love with
months passed
may disappears one day and nick started
looking for clues to understand what
might have happened he spends hours in
the tank repeatedly reliving his
memories of their relationship which
actually is a dangerous practice that
could forever trap him in that
particular memory
watts tries to make him understand to
not spend his time like this and to move
on damn memory you had with her
out prosecutor avery castillo hires nick
and watts to retrieve memories from a
comatose suspect who worked for a drug
kingpin named saint joe in new orleans
upon visiting the man's memories nick
sees that may was once saint joe's
mistress and had become addicted to
bacca a highly addictive narcotic
hey joe
the memories also reveal that may has
stolen saint joe's stash of bacca before
fleeing nick is devastated to learn that
may was an addict and he started
questioning every feeling that he had
for her
anyways now he wanted to know the whole
story so he travels to new orleans and
finds saint joe who says he has heard
nothing from may since you left him
saint joe had his men drowned nick but
watts rescues him and kills saint joe
and his crew
[Music]
back in miami nick has watched relive
her last encounter with may they
discover that may stole the recordings
of elsa caring a client who repeatedly
relived her trysts with an older wealthy
lover nick recognizes the voice of her
lover as walter sullivan a wealthy land
baron who has recently died
seeing tamara stirred a memory
nick discovers that elsa was recently
murdered and her little son was taken by
a woman who matches may's description
all i know is elsa didn't stand a chance
nick is ambushed by cyrus booth a dirty
cop and former henchman of saint joe
nick approaches sulden's wife tamara a
former client she has some issues with
her memory after learning that elsa's
boy was most likely walter sullivan's
child and thus a potential heir to his
riches tamara in a flash of insight
directs nick to a possible hiding spot
of booth in may
of them nick and boo fight and boot
nearly drowns before nick is able to
overpower him
[Music]
he returns with boob puts him in the
tank and pry on his memories
his memories reveal that the cornerstone
of may's relationship with him was a lie
after booth enlisted her in a plan to
con him she researched nick to learn how
to woo him and staged the loss of her
keys
she planned everything
this home
however the memories also reveal that
may came to genuinely love him
when booth murdered elsa mate took
elsa's son and fled stashing him in an
unknown location
later booth
and tried to force her to reveal the
child's location
nothing you won't do she started talking
but made no sense to boob as it was
actually a message for nick she reveals
elsa's son's location while professing
him yes i'm here i'm right here there's
so many things i wanted to tell you
she then takes a lethal amount of baca
and jumps to her death from the balcony
finding no other way out of her
predicament
nick realizing that bruce is responsible
for her death forces him to relive his
darkest memory being burned in the face
by saint joe's men
he confronts sullivan's legitimate son
sebastian who hired booth to eliminate
elsa and his half-brother to protect his
inheritance he was in love with ulcer
don't worry
he was looking for them
but you've never done your own dirty
work
he was later arrested
nick confesses to watts that he fried
booth's memory on purpose which is a
serious crime i burned someone on
purpose
but he got what he wanted relive his
time with may which is ostensibly the
rest of his life
all you have to do
is follow my voice
i see you fully now
your darkness and your light
you